How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

As the name 'diff' suggests it just points us to the differences which lead us to
potential lines in code where a bug could be. Rest is manual searching and thinking to
figure out the bug. As compared to searching the whole file the pin-pointing of lines that
changed is really helpful.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Say, at some point in time you come to the conclusion that some earlier implementation of
a function was better than your current implementation. Wholla, you have got the case in
which version control system would be helpful.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

The pros are that you always try to make changes that are logically related and when you
want to compare or go to previous version of a file you would have clear distinction of
what was changed between now and then.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because the code in those multiple files could be related and form a logical unit of
change.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

using git log, all of the history of the repository can be viewed in terms of the commits
and the commit messages. using the commit id's one can compare different versions of the
repository by using them with the git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Since now I can move through the history of commits, making changes that would break the
application won't be that big a problem since if any problem is introduced, one can always
move to the commit where the application was working all well.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

building up a project, a piece of software that would solve a problem.
